mama when I'm
a
mama yep you got
it hey guys before we get into the video
just a quick reminder that if you guys
are new here or have been around for a
while and just are not subscribed yet
please consider subscribing as is the
best way to support my channel thank you
guys so much for watching and I hope you
enjoy blow my legs off why must Yoda
imitating a
[Music]
Honda just keeps going
a third gear there picture
like running knows what a Honda is in
the Star Wars univers he's just running
in circles in his weird little frog tent
he said he live in a tree I don't know
he lives at the base of does he not I
don't know Frog Balls finally frog T I
don't know it's just a photo of
yod just a just a
bunch of frog skins holding together for
a tent my mic was making some crispy
noises for a second it's making crispy
nois what are youing mic what are you
doing me putting the baby in the oven me
putting the baby in the deep fryer me
putting the baby in the air fryer cuz
it's healthier damn damn me doubling
down and taking the baby out of the air
fryer and putting it back in the deep
fryer me frying my baby in Squirrel fat
squirrel fat you know many squirrels
you'd have to harvest thousand of you'd
have to harvest so many squirrels bro
that much squirrel one order of like
squirrel fat fries would would be like
the Holocaust of squirrels like 4
million corpses yeah that'll be six
grand sir dude if I went to a place and
saw squir fat fries I would I would just
get that I wouldn't even get a burger
anything you know what that's true I I
feel like yeah I feel like you do have
to try weird things squirrel Burger I
don't know I don't that's another
thousand squirrels there's 2,000
squirrels in your meal for bur I think
maybe 12 squirrels could make a
hamburger B nasty it sounded like a pea
tweet like them trying to guil people
for eating something every hamburger you
eat is 12,000 squirrels not that Peta
not that pet not Peta
Griffin we went different directions
this squirrels of my
burger need to find a Scrat map now Ice
Age map scrap map yeah scat map it's
poop yeah that's what I thought it was
yeah what is he what is he a squirrel I
think he is a squirrel yeah his whole
thing is fine in his nut yeah but like I
love nuts and I'm not a squirrel he a
metaphor for life who's hitting their
belly we all chasing that next nut
that's my Stink
Sack I'm
upset [__] what is a what the [__] is a
stink sck I almost said how fast you
rifled that out you don't have a stin
sack boys you to slap once while get the
stank out oh very bright that's my
thumbnail right here miss yeah you can
have that one that's all right you have
my my permission yeah Budd we'll let you
have this one pal no problem I feel like
we have to pretend that we're upset we
have to be like oh MC freaking way dude
this looks so good they do look really
good that what a SM seat I'm not even in
here bro look at that thousand yard
stair I'm just looking at the M I'm
looking at massie's thumbnail still hold
on I got to get a thumbnail this guy
hold on back up already got his
thumbnail yeah I'm work quick baby damn
that's two out of four thumbnails
already done I have a spoon dude dude
you already have a spoon and I'm not
even in the game Sorry spoilers there's
a spoon you can pick up oh yeah I found
some dynamite in the crates over are we
terrorists why do I already have a gun
damn wait hold on this is [__] dude
look at the lighting why are there a
bunch of glory holes oh it's the crate
oh um oh we're in the crate I think I'm
planting an explosive what do you mean
where oh free that was kind of we did it
boys that was kind of uh anti oh my God
is that King Julian no it's
king
I have no AJ coin dude the fat [__]
[__] whatever her name is where where
where where I shot Gloria the one thing
I know about this is that W's hung in
the Jesus this is very stimulating Matt
do you want the spoon I would love spoon
right here right here I don't I don't
none of this there's a monkey right okay
you got dude look at the bottom right
look at them all hanging out down
there the fat dude skill issue it said
skill issue when I fell down I mean is
it wrong can I please switch to my
firearm am I forced to spoon life you
got to roll you got to roll your mouse
scroll I don't know why I said roll what
is this fast feet oh we have fast feet
now holy [__] we're the fastest penguins
in the west this is insane I feel like
this is what I would do at the zoo if
they gave me heroin right before I went
in I said me at the zoo just [__] 16
o of ketamine D probably a lot of KINE
the [__] health is CS go hey anybody
got 2500 to clear this 2700 oh hold on
switch to third you switching for
everybody get this [__] out of here
penguin ass get that [__] out of here
this is impossible my whole body is the
Crosshair I can't see yeah I am
literally a Crosshair I can't I went
back to the Statue and hit F that killed
me when you did that by the way King
King Julian is hard to [__] kill you
like look is my friend it is King Julian
what dude you're absorbed into the sand
Quick Revive the
pistol sand penguin is definitely racist
there's no way 100% 100% it's like a
brown Canadian guy wait that's me
you're a sand penguin zombie cash zombie
cash hell yeah what's
this you need 10 bamboo shoots to build
a bridge all right time to find bamboo
shoots I suppose I think you need a lot
more than bamboo shoots to build a
bridge do we have infinite ammo oh we do
uh do right now right now right now at
this moment holy [__] who's got a train
over there ah ah dude I would have laid
pipe to half those animals oh 100% take
coconut I can't tell what's alive and
what's no way know these characters are
super difficult to see what's happening
wait four [__] we fouron I can read well
do has do has one coconut yeah that's
like I have an coconut do has an coconut
there's a SP 12 on the wall there it
might be helpful I'm looking for
coconuts o I found another coconut oh I
found another
coconut look God gave Uso Jus on my
thank you God on the third day God gave
us 9 mm rounds to kill monkeys and
hippos and other another coconut on the
fourth day God wrote the Second
Amendment into the
Constitution amen hey we opened Marty's
bar let's go no way let's go eat his
little same thing weird coconut Dr
ma guys I fell down we just came into
this jungle and slaughtered all these
animals it's like yeah we're like the
Christopher Columbus what is this thing
Hammer like a white guy with nothing
better to do white dentist what the hell
that I picked up a hammer and said fetch
me their sword oh it's a dog round right
I forgot about that oh it's the Ze are
they actually dogs Chris Rock the zebra
yeah they're dogs oh no way everybody
shoot Chris Rock post that clip
everywhere editor make edit of Will
Smith sling Chris Rock but shooting him
in the [__]
brain editor do not do that edor blow
his [__] brains out right now go to
his house and blow his brains out in
front of his [__] family editor buy a
firearm like you really like
UD Chris rocks kind of got heat hey I'm
bleeding out of my dick dude am I a
[__] toddler and these are pit bulls
what's happening why are there so many
dude what do he hard BL you on got suck
shut the [__] up Eric okay all right
they're done man go by Juggernog where
is a
Juggernog bar okay insta
kill insta dude L you died on instakill
I was drinking my Juggernog well I mean
don't die next time it's really
simple I can't tell which wait sacrifice
a coconut I have no coconut wait where'
you do that we don't have enough
coconuts hold on this big fat [__]
[__] is coming after me let me see the
down oh my
god dude is this your thumbnail oh D God
damn just a closeup of a [__] Crouch
you're under the sandan for me I'm going
to try oh it's gone no it's gone what
did Monkey hit monkey hit what the
monkey spanking he's spanking bro all
right who killed Liz
who invited lizo to the function we got
to kill her
bro why do you think we invited her oh
oh this is bad lizo can't [__] you she's
too fat I was going to say that earlier
bro where the [__] do we get bamboo
shoots from um dude I don't know oh [__]
I'm poor as [__] please God don't let
the monkeys and lions eat me things I'm
sure that kid said in the Cincinnati Zoo
Adam and Eve at one point I am sure even
I'm definitly afraid of animal crackers
wait light tiki statue you need a lit
tor to light this Tiki brother you don't
tell us where anything is this is fair
break open this crate I can't figure out
where H what is that I found a Canon
with the hammer that's got to be what
that did somebody put your penguin ass
in the cannon mom the zoo animals don't
sound very good to be fair we are on
Madagascar right now they are not zoo
animals this is what oh this is what
animal crackers look like when you're on
natural
Wildlife do not show Peta this video pet
Griffin will not laugh I just blew the
legs off this fat ass
hippo are they dying in this map they're
in slowmo dude the hippo looks like it's
about to come
yeah my name the hippo we need to find
[__] we need a cannonball Cannonball
would be helpful a cannonball would be
awesome we also need bamboo shoots which
I'm not aware how do we still have zero
well because we haven't found a oh what
we need to find where the Cannonball is
guys this is getting HEC I can't even
search can we make a crawler like can we
get a crawler hippo good idea is there
crawling hippos blow the
I think we got a crawler I might have oh
there a lot of crawlers okay okay all
right don't shoot the Crawlers somehow
that's more
terrifying you know they actually look
like normal animals now if you're being
real oh look out monies do oh kski uh I
got you why does he kski my legs got
blown off kski my wife left me dude look
at their little tail the hippos are oh
my God look at the Little Hippo cheeks
coming out dude the hippo cheeks are
like pink from getting slapped with a
[__] paddle Fu dude you were turning
me the [__] on calm down please King
julan trying wait wait wait
wait oh where'd you get that how' you do
that I hit it with a spoon oh oh well
you're you're collecting the bamboo now
good work heard something nice I loaded
a cannonball if you guys would like to
gather around and shoot this [__] I
would love to see what happens yeah um
does anyone want to stand in front of it
yeah that was a plane thanks man um
sorry you got some crawlers coming
incoming did that hurt we got the box
now
cool did that we unlocked s square
feet yeah guys we got to go deeper we
got to go deeper in the jungle I think
[__] is a Tre 50 oh that was a mistake I
have a sniper rifle this was not a how
much money does everyone have who's got
six grand get over here 1900 Matt get
over here dude I'm bamboo H we got to go
further in the jungle to get more bamboo
I see some there's two more in here
press F to cut through the jungle do we
have a machet we
don't we are in a pickle [__] out
buddy we're more than a pickle we're in
the whole [__] job Way D like
screamed on my behalf oh my
God no okay noted do not go back there
do not go back there not yet we need to
be a little more we need to be a little
more prepped in there I think
Kowski yeah analysis what kski does not
sound like that I don't know what he
sounds
like blue I see plans to
escape this dumbass Zoo why do my guns
keep swapping yeah what the hell I just
picked up a shield what the hell how did
I get this wait why do we
have why do we have hold on we back wait
what the [__] did you guys search the
crates no yeah just did right now that's
what did it you just that was here this
whole now we have back Shields I have
back shots back back
sh do I do I have one and I have look at
all these
are what happened I don't I feel like
searching crates might have helped us I
we did not do that last time did we
might a b get the bamboo dude I'm going
to punch you straight in the dick until
your dick head is bruised and you're TR
baby trust fun baby trust fun baby
what I don't know we need to open this
[__] over here if you got money come to
me remember guys don't go back there
doing this for the the Box BOS like most
of Life BOS what the [__] really a
grenade
launcher really when you need a little
gay guy
do what's up you a wonder waffle what
the tits is
this P You're just bouncing all the
local animal corpses around does
somebody saw a spoon I sold mine for
drugs why don't we just stay in here I'm
blowing up [__] zebras with a rocket
launcher Max
[__] double
[__] well you can't double zero so
all
right I'm entering third person mode for
that one why
[__] not very skill issue that's all
right as long as it's only
you that's insane
break dancing over here just why is that
Ling tumble dude dude this monkey looks
dumb as hell
dead as he FL FL I'm done I'm done as he
F A do as he FL plants dude I feel like
dog meat might be okay I mean there's
literally a festival in China every year
for um um should I press like man was
that was that Ponder a
moment aen brother I don't know what's
going on [__] just be pondering
oh I need a a lit torch never mind I was
going to like this woman on fire but I
can't holy [__] that is a flying ass
[__] [__] dude you're sending
monkeys flying
everywhere anyone uh yeah I do I'm
coming I do the furthest guy I am sorry
don't kill anymore don't kill anymore
what's going on over there yeah that
monkey's
flailing that lur taking the most
average sentence I've ever heard in my
[__] life what is going on oh this
thing missing parts for the strap maybe
need more bamboo we have 10 bamboo
Bamboo that means we can build the ra
let's go build the
bridge I don't like that wood noise
let's go up on the shoot I'm on the
rooftop this is where you hold our
ground hold our ground here what the
hell is this time that's what I have I
think no it's not what I have not what I
have I have AIDS this is Modo Moto's
boat you need to get his keys oh okay
does that mean anything I've heard he's
at the zoo we get to go back zo es dude
I unload a full clip onto zebra's back
and it doesn't die dud be careful why'd
you open that big dog oh cuz I had money
we're exposed from the flank
now don't sniff me don't sniff me after
I bring up something important to you
you smell angry my fault you smell angry
you smell angry to me just let them
[__] [__] me dude what do you want me
to [__] do they zebras and they're
running full [__] the next spot take
pole pole collected finally me when the
votes finally come in wheel collected
dude what are we doing I have collected
a wheel we need parts for the spin wheel
said a crowbar might do the trick
there's a big fat angry hippo behind you
all right we we need to go back to that
spin trap and go now but lizo is behind
you I'm not turning around dude this is
a bad day to be a lemur hippo or King
Maurice whatever the [__] Lion Man
lion lemur monkey hippo yeah somebody's
got the loudest gun I've ever heard that
is is actually hurting my ears Jesus
Christ what that deep fry what is that
all I built a spin spin you put a wheel
in the woods get in here get in here
stop shooting them hold on hold on hold
on this will be
useful what are we doing why is it
hurting yeah oh my God we need to let
them get hit by it oh it's hurting oh am
I playing
roulette I'm getting thousand yard
stairs in the fu yeah I'm seeing
seven strip is with
me come on baby come on 24 money I need
to lose money we need to activate it
again did we get enough oh holy came out
of the woods we need 10 more well
technically nine okay the Lemur are fly
oh my God oh my God it's going again
don't shoot anyone coming in here just
shoot the ones behind whoever's gun that
is you're K we're through we're through
Warriors very ni God damn this map is
[__] big
nocoin let's go dude equipment really is
no
generator [__] godam
please help me God there is so many
local zoo animals all up in my guts I
got zombie cash let's go okay there's a
there's aing lion flying through the
maxe
god there's so many zoo animals in my if
you put it to thir thir person if you
put it to third person I will kill you
in real life I know your real name I
will tweet
it that's nice buddy okay buddy hey dude
can you cover me for a sec where you at
come right next to you what the [__]
going why can't I actually find you in
this massive dead animal I was I was
hiding I was hiding among the corpses I
found a coconut that's huge we need to
sacrifice that at Marty's bar and not
die somehow okay don't kill me a little
room I sacrificed a coconut and all I
did was give me a perk Marty's running
at me in slow mod like the intro Marty
is taking [__] Bazookas to the
ass I didn't hear the but that sounds
cool either
way Marty is [__] right now when you
need a little what is this green ball in
my inventory been trying to figure that
out for Years buddy my nut sack that's
good is there anything on the
ship press hold F to Charter the ship
back to the zoo oh maybe that's what we
have to do we're like so I used a Noah
coin yeah you bought a weapon or
something oh it just allows me the
chance to buy the weapon okay I'll buy
as we wheel handle
wa this thing's cool as hell what the
hell wa this cool as luck if I open this
door crowbar might do the trick okay we
need to find a crowbar find AAR
crowbar where barow I don't know it's
got to be somewhere though that's part
of the
thing shut up dude y can I jump in this
water and kill
myself s immediately how can I kill
myself I love that babies really just
have no thoughts of self-preservation
really depression is just return to
toddler mind State Toler Toler so I was
being smacked by eight
lemur it really happens to the best of
us honestly kind of distracts distracts
a guy I'd let a woman on fire if I had a
dime for every time I [__] happened
to me bro that's what I'm saying hey R2
man that's that's relatable all right I
got a lot of craws oh what is this where
the [__] did you get this package I
burned found a large crowbar oh that's
convenient okay cash oh there's the
Crowbar all right we got we got crawls
careful careful who you're shooting if
you burn a woman the government will
reward
you that's the lesson write that in the
bathroom stall see what happens what the
[__] what is the oh my God I didn't see
you get out of my way you're going to
get us killed here dude why would I ever
want to
use can you get the [__] out of the way
d d what I'm going to kill this
monkey that's I can't move consolation
of me I care what you do with the monkey
yeah [__] that monkey ass [__] dude
there's a second monkey Mr President
there's been a second monkey added to
the zoo let's go let's the ship here we
go Fells
ready oh black
black I have a generator oh nice okay
now we can play a DJ set for some reason
hold on I'm Pack-a-Punch in my [__] I
like how he cracks his fins while he
waits
wait me when I'm
AER
Mama yep you got
it that's what I meant get another the
crawler this round and play a DJ show
what do we think yeah but shouldn't we
have the full audience yeah I guess
let's go do it yeah let's bring people
who want to kill us to the set all right
I'm placing the generator let's do it
are we about to move it move it I dude
actually that be my little penguin
ass what oh [__] dude there's a lot of
people holy [__] holy [__] I would argue
that's too many people the Noah J
function is too lit my ADD is is that
actually's on there oh yeah it's Noah no
way dude that's so funny oh yeah what
the f oh yeah look at him up there yeah
go Noah spin that [__] dude I lined up
another track in the mix don't wor dude
I have my music turned off yeah same
this is just like silence for me it's
just gunshots just gunshots and some
lights editor put in nickel back
here my editor if you want to keep your
job do not editor put in de's cover of
hallu there you go that'll do
it h like a [__] Brave editor replace
with a smoke alarm sound just going off
every few
minutes and rip all your fingers off I
don't even need them just throw them
anywhere is this done yet oh no I lined
up another track dude dude I don't know
how this works are we supposed to do
this yeah like I feel like we're oh wait
he said we got to prove we're a kickass
DJ right so we just Slaughter all the
people that show up to our
show I don't know if we're going to be
able to get another show out of this
guys yeah we won't need to we're good
we're rich is that it do have we have we
committed enough mass murder I I I have
have no [__] idea ZM Zod rocketor
hint does anyone see
that
no weird ass pronouns uh oh I tapped out
of my game we're good sounds like it
holy oh Noah J fell down from the sky
show complete boys what a successful
venue look how much money we got and we
just got to kill everybody from [__]
D the gate sales are insane I got 33
Grand to just murder people at of Noah J
show I got to go to more Noah J shows no
one ever oh Noah not that bad Noah's
sick as [__] [__] you I the hell why you
hating dude I'm texting Noah J right now
and I'm telling him McNasty made a joke
about you also we just shot up one of
your
shows also don't wear red at the next
show Jesus Christ I mean he deserves to
know I thought you about to say he
deserves
it are you had it coming I mean okay
let's go talk to the boat guy yeah maybe
maybe the boat will leave us leave now
that we're cool DJs maybe I don't know
well I just want to say I do have the
option right now to start I like to move
it move
it hold on why' you do that WR Smitty
you are not my friend my friend you are
not I tried to throw off his his like
what he was doing cuz he was staring at
the I like to move it move it options
Smitty you are not the friend come over
here just activate it dummy my friend
all right we ready to go I I I Hon no
[__] clue already gun look like that
was a quick trip I really genuinely
thought that was end of the map okay no
there's more of this remember dud make
sure you look for the what this it's a
boss it's a boss it's m holy [__] holy
[__] holy [__] holy [__] okay motoo
actually this dude look like that I like
him big that's the guy literally the guy
I like him chunky okay so I've seen the
movie Why is it only going after do cuz
he sung his
song Oh D oh there's regular mammals
there's regular mammals there's regular
mammals oh my God he just keeps saying
huhuh
he's running okay he went right through
me to go after do he actually does not
care about anybody but the do what do
you for me bro I want you to play
Thunder dude damn Jehovah Witness bro
Doan average Doan play my riff feel like
this is what happen follow me like this
this is this is what's happening to you
I got Shooters moto moto died all right
we got the zoo I don't know is there
anything else we what do we get from
this I something's going to drop for
sure think I got
aoto boat keys obtained baby oh that's
the other boat what is this what's that
noise I don't know it's really
uncomfortable it's really piercing my
brain the wrong way it makes my brain
itchy like I feel like I have the end of
the map we need 140,000 if we have to
listen to this the whole way I'm cash it
all your money boys we make we be like
halfway here come here we could be done
this today oh you can pay in 5K that's
bro ain't no way uh we only need 30
Grandy I just blew head this kind of
once we figured it out pretty lit map
actually pretty good map oh another moto
moto behind behind mean another what do
you mean another moto moto oh wait was
it he's weak as hell now was it
hallucination oh turned around he was
gone me after too much benad but it's
just my fat stepdad with no shirt
on want to run I hear another
one brother I don't know what you're
saying I see you guys fast no I hear one
I don't I don't hear or see anything
you're referring to moto Modo thinks you
have schizophrenia I think we need to
check the mental health of our
zookeepers do you realize you have a
Noah J
firearm yeah are you aware of that you
did you just pull somebody over of
moments you got a license to carry that
does Noah J know you have that firearm I
have n Grand in my pocket almost there
hell yeah this was a good pacing for
there's a moth there's a moth there's a
moth in real life there's a moth
thought in the game I started looking up
bro moth boss I was like I remember that
from the [__] movie there's a moth in
my office but dude it's winter what the
[__] is our moth doing come on man
you're outside we're playing outside
playing basketball today at 20 weather
it's not winter they don't know what 20
means the moth or the other two in the
call here the other two in the call who
oh true you guess you're right and the
moth The Moth wouldn't know their head
that's freezing talking in kilog that's
like 70 you have 14,000 we're done I can
cash five and you can cash
all right look at that we beat all the
zoo animals with guns yeah baby we did
it wo oh no
animation dude the [__] St murdered
these [__] golly it was really
hard to hit head shot god damn I just
watched a lemur die of a heart
attack well now that you've seen
Madagascar do what do you think it's
very VI the movies are one to one toward
very violence
too well I'm just happy that knowah Jay
like met this point in his career that's
sick
[Music]
dude